c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll.config
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.pdb
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.dll
G:\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Desktop\Repositorio local\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll.config
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll.config
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Ensayo.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Documents\RopoGit\EnsayoMasterFinalFinal\Ensayo\Ensayo\obj\Debug\Ensayo.pdb
